Letting your gasless users hold tokens and call contracts (#17823)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: public/content/developers/tutorials/gasless-token/index.md

There is a solution that lets you use the EOA address via [EIP-7702](https://eip7702.io/), but it requires signing a potentially dangerous delegation, so you can only use it to delegate to a smart contract of which the wallet provider approves. For this tutorial I prefer the much simpler method of creating a smart contract as a proxy to the user.

## Seeing it in action {#in-action}

1. Ensure you have both [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download) and [Foundry](https://www.getfoundry.sh/introduction/installation).

2. Clone the application and install the necessary software.

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/qbzzt/260315-gasless-tokens.git
   cd 260315-gasless-tokens
   forge build
   cd server
   npm install
   ```

> 3. Edit `.env` to set `SEPOLIA_PRIVATE_KEY` to a wallet that has ETH on Sepolia. If you need Sepolia ETH, [use a faucet](https://cloud.google.com/application/web3/faucet/ethereum/sepolia) to get it. Ideally, this private key should be different from the one you have in your browser wallet.

Reviewer: Mind if we keep the faucet suggestion away from Google, and internal to our own listings?

```suggestion
3. Edit `.env` to set `SEPOLIA_PRIVATE_KEY` to a wallet that has ETH on Sepolia. If you need Sepolia ETH, [use a faucet](/developers/docs/networks/#sepolia) to get it. Ideally, this private key should be different from the one you have in your browser wallet.
```

Reviewer: ❤️

          data,           // calldata to send target
          v, r, s         // signature
        })
      })
      const serverResponse = await response.json()
      setTxHash(serverResponse.txHash)
    } catch (err) {
      console.error("Error:", err)
    }
  }
```

Send a request to the server, and when you receive the response, get the transaction hash.

```js
  const faucetSimulation = useSimulateContract({
    address: faucetAddr,
    abi: Erc20.abi,
    functionName: 'faucet',
    account: account.address
  })
```

Simulate calling the `faucet` function. We only enable the faucet button if this is successful.

```js
  const proxyFaucet = async () => {
    const calldata = encodeFunctionData({
      abi: Erc20.abi,
      functionName: 'faucet',
      args: [],
    })

    const {v, r, s} = await signMessage(proxyAddr, calldata)
    messageUserProxy(proxyAddr, faucetAddr, calldata, v, r, s)
  }

  const proxyTransfer = async () => {
    const calldata = encodeFunctionData({
      abi: Erc20.abi,
      functionName: 'transfer',
      args: [transferTo, BigInt(transferAmount) * 10n**18n],
    })

    const {v, r, s} = await signMessage(proxyAddr, calldata)

>     messageUserProxy(proxyAddr, faucetAddr, calldata, v, r, s)

Reviewer: `proxyTransfer` passes `faucetAddr` as the target, but earlier (where `transferToken` is introduced) the prose says "This may be FaucetToken, but it does not have to be."

As written, the "Token to transfer" input is ignored on the proxy path and transfers always hit `FaucetToken`. Is the intent that the target should be `transferToken` here, or should the prose be narrowed to say the proxy transfer is FaucetToken-only?

Author: Thank you. I'll fix it over the weekend.

Author: Thank you. Fixed in both source code and article.
